:ambulance: corrected work with pricelist in pos_product_available (#1253)
itpp-labs/pos-addons: pos_product_available/README.rst

=======================

Adds available quantity at products in POS

> Module potentialy isn't compatible with modules that overrides 'get_price' method in JS

Reviewer: Сделай нормальное форматирование 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/186131/86789740-11ca3480-c081-11ea-8d58-1b5d9445c1a8.png)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Module potentialy isn't compatible with modules that overrides `get_price` method in JS
```
Об этом ты говоришь?

Reviewer: Не только. Прочитай что написано на скриншоте

Reviewer 2: Всё норм же вроде с переносом
![Screenshot from 2020-07-09 22-52-23](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/23641186/87073457-e0936500-c236-11ea-980b-0dfadf8d486a.png)

Adds available quantity at products in POS

> Module potentialy isn't compatible with modules that overrides 'get_price' method in JS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Module potentialy isn't compatible with modules that overrides `get_price` method in JS
```
Об этом ты говоришь?
